docs/ai_gateway: add new `gateway.md` page (#3402)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/gateway.md

print(result.output)
"""
The first known use of "hello, world" was in a 1974 textbook about the C programming language.
"""
```
# Quick Start

This section contains instructions on how to set up your account and run your app with Pydantic AI Gateway credentials.

## Create an account

Using your  GitHub or Google account, sign in at [gateway.pydantic.dev](https://gateway.pydantic.dev).
Choose a name for your organization (or accept the default). You will automatically be assigned the Admin role.

A default project will be created for you. You can choose to use it, or create a new one on the [Projects](https://gateway.pydantic.dev/admin/projects) page.

## Add **Providers**
There are two ways to use Providers in the Pydantic AI Gateway: you can bring your own key (BYOK) or buy inference through the platform.

### Bringing your own API key (BYOK)

On the [Providers](https://gateway.pydantic.dev/admin/providers) page, fill in the form to add a provider. Paste your API key into the form under Credentials, and make sure to **select the Project that will be associated to this provider**. It is possible to add multiple keys from the same provider.

### Use Built-in Providers

> On the top of the dashboard page, click in the 'Add billing details' button, and put in your credit card details to enable the built-in providers. This will allow you to buy inference through the available providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the Billing page, add a payment method, and purchase $15 in credits to activate built-in providers. This gives you single-key access to all available models from OpenAI, Anthropic, Google Vertex, AWS Bedrock, and Groq.
```

Note this button is not perpetually visible depending on whether you've put in a card so directing people to Billing is a more stable suggestion
